what is up guys that is gross warfare
here showing you the prestige
duplication glitch for quality ghosts
it's pretty simple concept it's not too
hard and you should be able to get it
through it just fine so what you do is
you have a hosting account and then you
sign in with a second controller on this
the the account with the stats you want
to copy to another account so here I'm
signing into my warship war account
which is 4th prestige your third
perceived subject is prestige level 56
as you can see and then um it says four
point something KD then I'm going to
sign out and sign into the account which
I want these that the stats to apply it
to so I sign it at my goals warfare
account which previously was level 3
because I accidentally copied my girls
HD account on to that and now it is a
four point you know whatever as it was
before so then I go into a game to you
know go into a game get a kill to save
the changes that have been made that way
it doesn't just go out after you get off
go into a game get a kill whatever you
want to do and that's that's pretty much
all you need to do um if this ends up if
you make a mistake or something if you
sign in to the wrong account if you
signed it you know if you sign into
let's say you signed in to your level
one account first and then you signed in
to your you know procedures account that
you want to copy if you do that it's
probably might stay that's what I
actually accidentally did to my gorillas
warfare account so it might stay so if
that does happen turn off your ps3 don't
quit out the game don't go to the menu
and you then you turn off the ps3 like
completely powered off turn it back on
sign into your hosting account and try
it again so don't don't don't try to
copy it if you know you made a mistake
turn it off turn it back on restart so
as you can see again affected lobby I
takes me a second but I get a kill it's
hard to play splitscreen man I don't
know what it is about it but it is and
it works perfectly fine I promise you
guys if you guys have any problems with
this leave a comment in the description
either myself or another one of our
youtubers on the channel will help you
out I just got that kill now i'm going
to leave like I really don't want to
drop what katie i just copied then i'm
going to sign out of my gorillas HD
account i'm going to go on to my actual
warfare account and as my hosting
account so i'm going to sign out and
then get into my girls warfare account
now i'm going to show you guys the stats
really are copied they stayed they were
completely there I you know your try
this out guys you know you're not really
doing anything bad by this you're
copying your own stats I mean you can
copy as a friend stats as well but
you're not really hacking your is just
an exploit which I guess you could get
banned for but I i highly doubt they
will be in any one they didn't in black
ops 2 they're probably not going to know
if you guys haven't already check out my
channel Gorillaz HD YT check out x
calibers channel both of those will be
in the description below subscribe to sy
n if you haven't already have a great
day guys don't forget to Like and
subscribe i'll see you guys later